Now that you've had a chance to gain some familiarity with setting up hypothesis test,
let's look at some of the most common tests that are done in practice.
One common test is to test the mean or
proportion of a population being equal to some value.
For example, in finance,
we could have the question of,
if you can expect a return greater than six percent on an investment.
So we could set up the hypothesis test in the following way,
where the null is that you earn less than or equal to six percent,
and the alternative is that you earn greater than six percent.
Another common hypothesis test is to ask which of
two marketing campaigns might drive more traffic to our website?
In which case, we could set up a null and alternative that looks like this,
where the null suggests that the proportion of individuals that click
through to our page is the same for each campaign,
and the alternative is that one page drives more traffic.
In which case, the proportion of traffic is different from one page to the next.
If we really wanted to test if a new campaign was better than an old campaign,
we might use a one sided hypothesis test like this one,
where the greater than here,
suggests that the proportion of individuals that travel
to our site will be higher for the new campaign.
You can do some algebra to change the exact same logic to look like this.
Notice that all of these hypothesis tests are regarding parameters.
They are not about statistics.
This is always the case.
There is no need to do hypothesis testing on
statistics as they are exact values in our data set.
Our questions are about the entire population and therefore,
so are our hypotheses.